Accommodation Management System
Overview
The Accommodation Management System is a database project designed to streamline and manage accommodation-related information. It facilitates the storage and retrieval of data related to accommodations, agreements, notifications, users, and more.

Project Files
Database Scripts: Contains SQL scripts for creating tables, inserting initial data, adding constraints, and optimizing database performance.
Data Files: Includes sample data files used for testing and populating the database.
Documentation: Contains project documentation, including README, user manual, and technical documentation.
Group Members
The project was developed by the following team members:

Abdul Rahman (Roll No: 20-28)
Ali Riaz (Roll No: 20-01)
Ali Shair (Roll No: 20-02)
Muhammad Yousaf (Roll No: 20-35)
Muhammad Adnan (Roll No: 20-36)
Muhammad Behzad (Roll No: 19-39)
Features
Accommodation Management: Store and manage information about accommodations, including location, facilities, descriptions, and pictures.
Agreements: Track agreements made with managers, including price, duration, and additional details.
Notifications: Send and receive notifications related to accommodations and agreements.
User Management: Manage user accounts, roles, and permissions.
Reports and Queries: Generate reports and perform queries for data analysis and decision-making.
Installation
Open the main.sql file located in the Database Scripts directory.
Update the base_path variable in the main.sql file to point to the base path where your SQL files are located. For example:
-- Define the base path for SQL files
DEFINE base_path = 'F:/Downloads/accommodation-management-system'
Execute the main.sql file in your Oracle Database Management System (DBMS) to create the database schema, insert initial data, add constraints, create indexes, and create views.
Populate the database with initial data using the provided data files if necessary.
Configure the application settings and connections as needed.
Feel free to customize this README file with additional information, instructions, or sections specific to your project's requirements.
